README.md, before:

# #!/5h3b4nG
A very handy tool for cross-language peps.



## What do this do? Does it have some super cow powers?

`shebang` helps to keep stuff easy and pain-less by using `#!/shebang` at the head of files to any _supported languages_*, allowing executable flag via `chmod` and simply executing it. Well, you might call it a super cow power :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:

## Why!? Why??

It's really a pain in the _fingers_ to compile, execute the program and doing it over and over again along with different languages with different flavors of steps to perform the action. And, really annoying at times.

## How

### - To Install:

> Just add a symbolic link to `shebang.sh` here, to `/shebang`, or simply copy it there, or it's your choice install it how you would love to.

### - To Use:

> Just simply add or, use `#!/shebang` at any file with **good extension**** and give the file containing the code an executable flag. Boo Yea! Just execute it now.

### - Does it work?

> It checks the file extension of the file to determine which language is used and follows the simple instruction(s) to compile and execute ( or just execute it :wink: )



## Supported Languages

I am on a plan to support as many languages as possible while making this _thing_ as light as possible. And, currently supported languages are listed below:

- Python
- Rust Lang
- Go Lang
- C Lang
- JavaScript
- A few Shell Languages (sh, bash, zsh, fish)
  

## Issues or PRs?

I would love to hear them all :slightly_smiling_face:

---

*Your favorite language is not listed? Please feel free to open an issue for it.

**Please do not tamer with the extension, as it the only option used to determine the language here.

Commit message:

added another way of using this script

README.md, after:

# #!/5h3b4nG
A very handy tool for cross-language peps.


> **NOTE**: Don't wanna use this at the top of file? No problem, use this script and call the file.
> I mean, 1st install this anywhere at the `$PATH`. Then, call this before the filename.


## What do this do? Does it have some super cow powers?

`shebang` helps to keep stuff easy and pain-less by using `#!/shebang` at the head of files to any _supported languages_*, allowing executable flag via `chmod` and simply executing it. Well, you might call it a super cow power :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:

## Why!? Why??

It's really a pain in the _fingers_ to compile, execute the program and doing it over and over again along with different languages with different flavors of steps to perform the action. And, really annoying at times.

## How

### - To Install:

> Just add a symbolic link to `shebang.sh` here, to `/shebang`, or simply copy it there, or it's your choice install it how you would love to.

### - To Use:

> Just simply add or, use `#!/shebang` at any file with **good extension**** and give the file containing the code an executable flag. Boo Yea! Just execute it now.

### - Does it work?

> It checks the file extension of the file to determine which language is used and follows the simple instruction(s) to compile and execute ( or just execute it :wink: )



## Supported Languages

I am on a plan to support as many languages as possible while making this _thing_ as light as possible. And, currently supported languages are listed below:

- Python
- Rust Lang
- Go Lang
- C Lang
- JavaScript
- A few Shell Languages (sh, bash, zsh, fish)
  

## Issues or PRs?

I would love to hear them all :slightly_smiling_face:

---

*Your favorite language is not listed? Please feel free to open an issue for it.

**Please do not tamer with the extension, as it the only option used to determine the language here.
